[Music]
let's react I haven't had the
chance to
react to this to this interview no
that the saint in it was Monica Pont
listen to me let's see it live let's
see it live with my people and
let's see what happened because I really didn't
have the chance to see it if you
like I'm going to put on a couple of clips of
Jorge ja Monica Pont because they're
priceless and we'll comment on them
come on let's go to the next one well movies have you
made it's that I would like to ask you
about her
the one who was born is a terrible actress
I didn't remember this when they
told me on Saturday that Monica
Pont was going to be in it I didn't fall for whoever I want I
leave my head in eight billion
things
Monica Pont
I'm worried about a movie
and I was talking a little bit about her career
as an actress and look here I threw a little bit
of Wikipedia from
1990 to 2021 I'm going to read you some
of the things that she has done I mean this
woman
has worked for Spanish television
for the second for Antenna
Claro everyone  we know by
hostal royal manzanares in the first one
which was an absolute hit this one from
antena 3 the series of kangaroos in
brothers of milk neither with you nor without you
in the first one a pacifier for her a
series of antena3 essence of power agent
700 in the test caused for telecinco
to cakes with life in antena3 for
netflix worked in the series of luis
miguel for the first one medical center
now on televisa in mexico it
has a series called the mexican
and the güero what happens to my family this
story reminds me when they have done things
to mars I mean
in two years this woman has participated in
five series in the
[Music]
race jorge jaque this step that
you suffered is perhaps a lapse you were dying
of envy of having a piece of actress
who represents represented represented a
large part of our childhood and
adolescence
what happened to you movies cinema lolita
naked in 91 with jose antonio de la
loma appearances can be deceiving with carlos
balaguer the jungle of fear women on the
surface or of love
dies my life  two tickets 7 and a
half steps war of likes I want to make way for
Monica Pont
that we have here I
arrived Mexico with good night
di zeo vago how proud it is that is why
we are here to all except in the
middle in case some metal will make a
hand how are you here are well look at about
three thirty in the afternoon you
are already about to go to bed I
still have not eaten
equally with
much
respect I thank you very much for
being part of our program
today of our direct direct and
delighted you are at home you know
I really wanted to resume that clip of
Jorge how he attacked you how he humiliated you
how he belittled you
because I do not know if later he will put up a
clip
because Jorge said something like that to him but I
remember you by the wheats
those who are tangled up a great woman
a very good professional and now that he
was almost touching or shaking her hand
goodbye
Elena fell thank you very much my sister for
helping me pay the mortgage I
think it was fair not to be
able to make people see that when
one is on top you
do not owe it to yourself  believe because at
any moment she goes down to
hell and at that moment where he
was empowered I think he
treated himself very badly he treated himself very badly as a
woman as well as professionally and by
setting up his agency thank you
very much Silvia thank you very much he has already paid the
mortgage really thank you family we have
seen that interview of yours in the
deluxe I would like suddenly like this to be
able to know
now that time has passed
at no time do you speak out on
this because I think it was not necessary
but
Billy says that's poor Xavi for the
mortgage man Pili with the likes I
have it too small to pay the mortgage with
line but anyway thank you very much listen
friend friend friend friends
now that I have said now that I remembered
to me hear an important thing that I do
n't know if you remember that Ivan fell asleep
and a lot of vissum arrived and I didn't
appreciate them so what is appreciated in a
moment okay Ceferina Ávila I am a
member Zeferina thank you very much for your
vision that we did not mention yesterday Maria
Asuncion okay wake up and there are several
solutions bando a mink of 25 euros
Maria  asuncion bp saying they were
awake and olivan didn't wake up defect
like at one fence we see the bouquet
josefa for my churri fin awards fina a
huge kiss
and our dear sol cotidiana of
course are cotidiana twice
and our dear marley thank you very much
girls for the glimpses last
night and excuse us okay
the kid fell asleep
the kid stayed I don't know if today
we will be sending vision because
stabilizing the same sections in the
same
direct
from the template for real
so what I can't pay them why the
[ __ ] what do you do like these people have
made
the genre current this mistreatment of families have
women well I'm the same I would like to
know now that you've seen this after
so long
how you felt look I think that one should
never lose the north where from
where is I met Jorge Javier
many years ago when I was at
Hostal Royal Manzanares and he asked me to
because he worked for
Teleindiscreta I was a journalist for Plane
Discreta
from the magazine Plane Discreta that I don't know I
suppose it no longer exists but he gave me
interviews several times so that
La Indiscreta by  a magazine and I, well, yes, they were
all granted the truth is
that very well according to what he said behind
the scenes
when I granted him those interviews I
was charming and I have always been a
very approachable person and it seems that
at one event I did
not greet him that I was with the
prince well who is currently now the
king of Spain and with that group of people and
that I did not help them and it seems that I keep that to myself
all this time I do not even
remember because I will tell you one thing I have
a problem that sometimes I do not see I do not
recognize people but because I do not
see well it is because in the end I had my
own operation no but I could not see and then
maybe there is no science or criminally
a little bad vibe but people are
very happy
and
not because it was with anyone or anything
so
I think that I always keep that there
the weights of not seeing well is very
recurrent of that you believe that in
reality she was with the king and did not
want to greet the ears she
had inside and when she had me there well the
plate well dispatch I do not know I think
one should not lose the reference
who never where comes from
because  in the end it's les de Badalona and I
'm from Barcelona we knew each other from
Barcelona
many years ago
and today you're up
tomorrow it's downstairs home and then you go back to
your life up and the day after down there's a
poem about going that says precisely by
William Kipling that says the
same as if it were an excuse it would be
understandable we justify it don't click
Silvia darling how about what not to do is
run to greet him as if
the queen came in you're not up high you're
so up high when you're at home
what
creates 19 I have if they cover up the
visionaries don't even believe that you're in
heaven then one has to be
coherent when you interview a
character whether you like him or not you
have your more or less differences you don't have to
lose sight of the fact that you are
a professional and you are a presenter and you
are interviewing someone who
maybe it didn't rain on you now Javier
once I told it I
travel from Javier I
think you saw it once again
I was in him
'El Corte Inglés'
and this that I didn't go looking for him or anything you
know that I go a
lot a little I went a lot to famous people and
so on to be famous to see  a
paper what they did things like that
plates or whatever not knowing the
programs but it wasn't already in the
English cut no better which is the same as
buying but it was and Jorge was
signing books look I
took a picture of everything look you
should go see
look at the picture I took of oreja
[Music] let's
see
since what year I have done
with Quintero also that I am a
little happy I don't swear I didn't
find this that I was walking down the
street if I found the pri I don't know if it
was the street always it was not a parallel
to the street always but this I also
found Jorge Jara and next to it next to it
that is not said see the photo
is the one with Antonio's hair
to
empathize but the public can
empathize with that person he is very short
super I can sit however you try
small it is not the character that you have
there and this character is there because you
called him or why because they
called him and save the photo Lupe it's that I save
all the photos very never get
lost well I already have a hard drive
another drive  hard and I'm keeping
the photo there of course I have a folder
with the producer because it is of
public interest so you always have to never
lose that respect for the person who
at the end of the day is sitting there and who
is giving audience to your program and you do
not have to lose that north that you
are the presenter you cannot be take out
you cannot it cannot
be visceral you have to
be a professional I think that there is
because Javier lost that professionalism
and he took out the viscerality he has lost
so much of the baby that he has I think that
a little yes well abuse AVN do not miss
the fat girl's [ __ ]
for not being able to ask
for the power that he had at that moment if
I have people like this come
in your house
then stay in your house it's fine and he
lost a little faith the military
is by my side
sky Libya
and I would not know if he is there
you have that family
in your house
Jorge Javier I have not seen him for a long time
[Music] he
never apologized either in person
or in private or anything
and I honestly did not give it much
importance because I think that Jorge Javier
no no the one who was wrong there was
them  I kept quiet because silence is consent.
I could have said many things,
but why not? You should
never stoop to the level of someone who is
disrespecting you. Now that we see
those images, it's not a video clip
from that interview,
now with the distance,
from a million, he humiliated me as a woman and
I as a professional, I went home
crying. It's the first time that I did
an interview and I felt attacked
in this way. The truth is that
for this one, you're not going to cry, you're not going to be
bad now, tears. In the end, the messages
that I received on all my social networks
were precisely
of love or you know, don't even pay attention. What a bad
professional that presenter he is. I didn't
receive a single message and maybe
that day I received like 500 or 600 messages,
none of them told me how well Javier did,
so humiliating.
Well, I think he has his detractors
and his followers,
but please, I mean, nobody thinks
that he's at the top, he's God because
taller towers fall every day. I'm
in Mexico and believe me, I'm in a
penthouse at 801 right now. The other day, this shook so much
that it seemed like the building was going to
collapse, I mean, yeah.  cow the dad or dad
because there are many earthquakes here
this very tall tower could fall
Italy
listen
now that it's in fashion here in Spain
well it's a movement that
selective feminists have created as in
support of those women who feel
denigrated not because of men or
abused or
suddenly some
collaborator of Sálvame calls you I call you for
example Carlota Corredera worrying
about you María Patiño or some person
some woman no
listen it seems terrible to me what he did to you
why
not nobody I just forget friends my
mouth opens saying that you
can go home
exactly the same
[Music]
but not exactly the same because also
among themselves they protect each other it's logical I am
a pineapple with a team and well they support each other
if one of them ends the other supports him don't
tell him hey mistreated Monica no
but no no each one
some is in their place maybe it made you
think that what
how good that under the criteria of
some collaborators of 'Sálvame' it may
be that there are first class women and
second class women
here there are no women there are
men and  first class women and
second class women it
depends on how you dance it depends on how the
same woman who has been
first class on one occasion can be
second class on another understands me
polite if there are instead several
polite women and with women's values
discomfort without value there
is neither first nor second class
here we are all human beings who
feel that they suffer I end up
sucking viruses often they
are surely from a long time ago
Qatar Qatar
thank you so much for that piece of
vision queen huge kiss huge kiss I
cover it thank you for your help and my dear
rib upon rib happy Tuesday they are
everyday like the heart will always
be there supporting what I pay
the mortgage thank you very much are knee
if you are here that we are that
we are human I do
not believe that there are first or second class women
Monica and I am very grateful that you have
focused
I am glad that I am very glad to see
you after so many years
I remember
in many
long conversations where we talked
about our children I
know that you are a great woman, a great
mother, a great professional you have had the
ability to
reinvent yourself again you left
Spain
born around here what
happens
today flowers well I suppose that here they value
talent and only  They see talent there in
Spain they value other things. I think that
in Spain it is more difficult for
people to trust you when perhaps you have been
very exposed in the
media, perhaps that is why and here for me,
the world has opened up, not only
to soap operas,
I have people from Los Angeles and I am also
already doing castings for series
of tweets in the US 1010
I go from here there to the US Los Angeles and I
have it three hours from Mexico.
I have a movie for next year that I am
shooting here in Mexico. I am currently working on
two soap operas, The Rich Also
Cry and another one that is my fortune is to
love you, which is currently on
television on Televisa and happy, you know that
I only want to work on what I like, I do
not want to expose myself to the media anymore
because that attacks your soul, it
attacks your soul when they are attacking you and
when you feel
things that are not true and that people
wood there are things that they do not know, they do not know the
staff that Nicolás in what you have
lived and felt and you can also
feel a little like that when you do not put yourself
in someone's shoes
Matamoros puts an end to Miguel's client and
today sending less of the group of gentlemen
there was the same then okay because
within 10 minutes and it cuts you off
and my soul which is super white super
clean so I needed to get out of
all that [ __ ]
come to another place to another country where
nobody knew who I was and start
over leave my comfort zone that
is difficult but with a baggage behind in
the experience behind therefore
when I arrived here I began to work the
language here which is the language of
neutral Mexican Spanish
and I began to do castings and everything
necessary for castings I didn't know
anyone here I have already five novels one
movie two movies that now I start
the next one this year and the same is
seen and this week they are going to use me to
be Spain to do what I
liked that the law work as an actress
and that's it and really I don't hold any grudges against
anyone I don't believe that anyone is better than anyone else everyone
has that everything has a
form it doesn't have its place and the tallest towers
are tall they fall every day
but they also rise again
I'm not staying with that message of yours Monica
you  I thank you for having entered through
lasarte you know that the channel is
working very well I am glad
congratulations fortunately it has many
people who follow us and I
really wanted to count on you and for us to
show your face see that Tonika is happy
beautiful as always
and to make people see that there are
people who envy you that at a
given moment they want to be like you you know
what my partner told me then when I
humiliate myself like that Javier why Javier
my son you don't realize it's that Jorge
Javier wants to be your
son
a partner that I had at that time
thank you well he has a lot to go
first he has to grow
doubts grow in professionalism and in
humanity in humanity in humanity
Mónica Lorente I send you a huge kiss
thank you for being with us I will not
steal one more minute of your time kisses
to the family and take care of yourself and
much success la longaniza thank you
also for your program
thank you love good afternoon I have a
click here where I would like the 16 so we can
share it so that the public can see it and
give me your opinion because from here
too  I have taken a link from a portal
called 'el independiente'
let's show it now let's first
watch the video and then go see that
link so we know what we
're talking about if we do what you
charge where do you have the right to
interfere in my life is that I don't speak
will define how you speak let's pray if it
seems okay to you Jorge
Javier's salary is published in the
independent which depends on what he
earns
depends on what the copper has the right to
endure the downpour let's see it doesn't depend on what he
gets back depends on what you wear
if you put your private life the most
intimate for people have the right to have an
opinion but not to cross the lines
of respect you understand of course the
right to have an opinion I meters out of 100 you are
charging to tell your life of course you can have an
opinion you can criticize
we can criticize everyone
who is here
this has been repeated many times but what
cannot be disrespectful clinics
yes
this the s the s
I think is worse than Monica's
Monica or I tell you because I am
saying myself  I forget friends it's worse and
people are putting it
that way what you charge is an amount
that already allows me to humiliate you
and mistreat you on a
television program that is watching you maybe two
million people who reproach your
attitude although everything you do seems dirty to me
sorry it seems very dirty to me what you
do is tremendously dirty everything you do
seems to me that it is very dirty Monica
everything you do is very dirty always and
that you deserve it
professionally telling you but
what movies have you made I mean I mean
but girl that you are here
thank you very much Ana Maria Anna Maria well
the second part is almost almost it is the second
part in an hour or two hours or so it
will be on the main channel
I hope
and in brutal the second part of product
in the part dedicated to Maria Patiño I already
have the thumbnail here send me the
thumbnail
and look at the gasoline the thumbnail
this would be the thumbnail of the second
part okay you have it in nothing in a
little while on the family channel
[Music]